adding datasource permissions to permissions page #6360 (#6964)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _dashboards/management/data-sources.md

Configuration of the [YAML files]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/install-and-configure/configuring-opensearch/#configuration-file) and installation of the `dashboards-observability` and `opensearch-sql` plugins is necessary. For more information, see [OpenSearch plugins]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/install-and-configure/plugins/).

## Permissions

> In order to work with data sources in OpenSearch Dashboards the user needs to be assigned the relevant permissions. As data sources are cluster wide resources, these permissions are configured under **Cluster permissions**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To work with data sources in OpenSearch Dashboards, make sure that the user has been assigned the correct cluster-level [data source permission]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/security/access-control/permissions#data-source-permissions).
```
